Storystory_texts/11_Story_Text




Thomas, dreading the approaching breakup conversation he was about to start, got to Annika’s Finer Diner late but Sadie, his girlfriend, was not there yet.

Thomas had been thinking about breaking up with her for 2 months now.

The restaurant he had chosen to meet at was reminiscent of a diner from the 70’s with black and white checkerboard tiling on the floor, a long bar in the front, and booths and stools with red, leather upholstery. 

A bell chimed as the door swung open, and Sadie entered to find Thomas ruminating at the bar.

He stood up and gave her a side hug, asking quickly, “How was your day?”

She clung onto him, “It was okay- I missed you today.”

He looked away and addressed the hostess coming towards them, “Can we have a booth in the back?”

She shrugged and after loudly popping her bubblegum replied, “Sure, honey.”

She seated them at a booth in the back corner of the diner.  

Sadie slipped into the cushioned seat and grabbed Thomas’ hand.

“Tell me about your day!” she sang.

He looked at her silently and pulled his hand slowly from hers as a puzzled look grew on Sadie’s face. 

Thomas looked away and took a deep breath. 

Sadie asked, “What’s wrong?” 

Thomas picked at his fingernails.

After a few moments, Thomas let out a deep breath and said, “Sadie, I’ve been thinking, and I need a break from this relationship because I need to figure out my career path on my own.”

Sadie sat back in her seat.

Thomas continued, “Things have been really picking up at work, and I’m not sure that this is the job I want to do anymore.

Plus, it’s been really overwhelming between working and figuring out if I should change careers, and I really feel like I need more time to figure it out.” 

The waiter appeared and cheerily asked, “Have you decided what you would like?”

Thomas and Sadie realized there were menus on the table, and they glanced at them quickly.

The menus were laminated posters with silly names for all the foods, and since they didn’t want to read through each item description, they settled on familiar orders.

“I’ll have a burger, no tomatoes,” Thomas said.

Sadie asked about the reuben, and the waiter told her it was excellent.

Confirming that that was all they’d like, the waiter walked away. 

Sadie- not so quietly- burst into tears. 

People sitting at the bar looked over and quickly averted their gaze when they figured what was happening. 

She whispered, “Is this really what you want?

I don’t understand- things were fine, I thought. 

I think we should stay together because we can change how much we hang out. 

We don’t have to hang out all the time, or as much as we do now.”

Thomas chewed on his bottom lip and picked at his now bleeding hangnail. 

The waiter appeared with the burger and reuben and set them in front of them.

“Is there anything else I can get for you two?

Will you be getting dessert tonight?” he asked.

“Oh no, we’re good, thanks,” Thomas said blankly.

 With the waiter gone, Sadie suddenly stood up, grabbed half of the reuben, and shook it at him as she growled, “Don’t follow me, and don’t talk to me anymore!

Also, I want my polaroid camera and Beatles poster back!”

She stormed off, and the bell above the door jingled cheerfully as the door closed behind her.

Thomas sat there for awhile surprised at how quickly everything had transpired. 

He grabbed his burger and took a bite of it, which created a dry and fishy taste in his mouth.

He dropped it back on his plate and wondered if the restaurant was responsible for the foul taste. 

