Storystory_texts/14_Story_Text




Henry walked into lecture with Maria, who was mentally rehearsing what she should say to break up with him.

She had been putting it off with a growing sense of dread as she had been since she started to think about it a week ago.

Now this lecture was the last chance to do it. 

The lecture hall was large, with a stage for the lecturer in the front of the room, and 15 tiered rows of desks. 

Maria and Henry slid into neighboring seats near the back of the room.

The professor opened up the lecture with a hardy greeting, “Good afternoon, everybody.”

As he fiddled with the cords to connect his laptop to the projector, he continued to say, “Welcome to Week 4 of Intro to Ancient Philosophy. 

Today we are going to continue our lecture on Aristotelian Philosophy.”

Mostly everyone in class was taking notes.

Maria took a deep breath, decided to rip off the bandaid, and leaning into Henry’s desk, said, “Henry, I think we should- I think we should break up because I don’t think I can do long distance.

I think what we have here is great, but I think it will be really hard when we are so far apart for so long during my study abroad.

I’m sorry I’m telling you now in lecture, but you know, I have to leave for the airport after class and this is really hard for me to tell you.

I just know when I’m there I’m going to be so busy, and I really want to be immersed in the life of the place I’m in.”

The professor said, “We will now talk about one of Aristotle’s works, The Categories.

This text, as you might have been able to guess, is about the kinds, or categories, of things that there are.

In fact, our term category comes from this Aristotelian context.

The Categories, traditionally interpreted as an introduction to Aristotle’s logical work, divides all of  being into ten categories.” 

Henry felt horrible, like the wind had just been knocked out of him and he whispered back, “Maria, I don’t want to break up with you because I love you.

I’ll come visit you, and it will be fine.

I don’t want to break up.”

Maria felt so guilty that she nearly gave in, but she forced herself to hold her ground, knowing that this would make things much easier for both of them in the future.

She gave his hand a squeeze but shook her head sadly before turning back to look at her empty desk. 

The professor wrapped up, “Alright, class, that’s all for today.

Remember the final exam is coming up next week on Tuesday on the Pre-Socratics, Plato, and Aristotle, so feel free to come by office hours to discuss if you have the inspiration.

If anyone has any conflicts with another exam, please email me so that we can figure out a time to reschedule it. 

Have a good day, folks.” 

Maria and Henry packed up hurriedly, and they hugged; both of them had tears. 

“Maria, I don’t want you to leave.

I don’t want this to end. 

But if this is what you think is best, I can’t make it otherwise.” 

They hugged one last time, and then Maria remembered she had left her favorite Alpaca sweater in Henry’s room.

“Henry, I’m so sorry to ask this now but could you grab my alpaca sweater from your dorm and meet me in front of the student center?”

He agreed, and she ran off to get her things from her dorm as he sadly watched her go. 

