Storystory_texts/21_Story_Text




Alvira and Senna walked into the restaurant hand in sweaty hand with quite different expectations for the night because Senna, after 5 years of dating, was going to propose, and Alvira had no idea.

He took a deep breath, trying to calm his nerves as worst case scenarios ran through his mind. 

The restaurant was on the beach and had floor-to-ceiling arched windows that framed an incredible view of the Pacific Ocean.

Besides the view, the restaurant itself was beautiful- crystal chandeliers hung from the high ceiling above small tables covered with white table cloths.


This was surely one of the best restaurants on the West Coast.

After Senna gave his name to the host, who discretely winked at Senna, they were seated at a table right by the window. 

The waiter brought out some very small menus.

They consisted of a short list of the head chef's carefully selected daily dishes written in a loopy, cursive font unadorned by any mention of prices.

Senna got nervous about the ring, and he slipped off to the bathroom to check to make sure it looked alright.

The ring contained three canary yellow diamonds that had been in his grandmother’s wedding ring. 

After Senna had gotten back to the table, the waiter appeared at their table to take their order.

Senna ordered the oysters with garlic-parmesan sauce, and Alvira ordered the sauteed sea scallops with caramelized apples. 

“Excellent choices,” the waiter said, and he left.

“What a beautiful place, Senna. 

This is too much just to celebrate the first tomatoes I grew in the garden- really, this is absurd,” Alvira said.

Senna laughed and said, “No, those were really the best tomatoes I’ve ever had. 

We had to celebrate.” 

They talked and laughed as the sun sank below the horizon, lighting up the sky and water, and slowly the glow from the windows was replaced by the chandeliers.

The waiter returned with their dishes.

Everything was even more delicious than they had expected, especially the oysters, which Senna said tasted like the ocean. 

As they were eating, Senna recounted to Alvira how they had met, and he told her in many words how much he loved her and what he loved about her, almost tearing up at moments. 

When they had finished eating, Senna nodded at the waiter who had been watching attentively, and he quickly strode over to place a small, elegant cake topped with the ring in front of Alvira. 

Her eyes widened in shock when she realized what she was looking at.

Senna got down on one knee and said,“Alvira, will you marry me? 

I love you, and I will never stop loving you.” 

After a few moments with everyone turned and looking at Elvira in expectation, she exclaimed, “Yes, of course, yes!”

She hugged Senna with tears flowing down her cheeks. 

The other guests exploded in applause, and the waiter returned with a bottle of champagne and popped it.

Senna slipped the ring onto Alvira’s finger, and she held up her hand to admire it.

“I need to text my dad and tell him!” she sang. 

The whole restaurant proceeded in cheers with them to celebrate the joyous occasion.  

