Storystory_texts/23_Story_Text




Alex was a distracted, sweaty mess as he walked into the grocery store with Chloe, and he was hoping that she wouldn't suspect that he was about to propose.

The grocery store was brightly lit with sunshine pouring in through glass walls at the front of the store.

Also in the front area were large posters advertising thanksgiving promotions.

The store was buzzing with activity because the next day was Thanksgiving Day, and most shoppers had carts piled high with turkey, stuffing, and pies.

Alex wanted to propose here because he knew Chloe would be wonderfully surprised. 

After 23 months of dating, Alex knew one of the things Chloe loved most was surprises. 

Chloe perused the canned goods aisle, and said, “Alex, we need a couple things.”

He didn’t hear her and was fanning himself, and Chloe asked him if he was okay.

“Oh yeah, for sure,” he said, unconvincingly. 

She chuckled, “Alright, whatever you say.” 

She had a can of pumpkin puree and a bottle of vinegar picked out and was now mulling over the different cans of cranberry sauce.

Alex was guessing she would be a while, and so he turned his back to her and pulled out the ring to look at it one more time. 

The ring consisted of a thin band with one white diamond that glittered excessively in the light. 

“Do we need anything else?” she called out to him. 

“Yeah I don’t know, honey,” he said back, still looking at the ring. 

In the checkout area, there were 5 aisles open and they stepped in line for station 3. 

Alex was staring intensely off into the distance for most of the time and fidgeting with his wallet. 

Chloe watched him trying to decide whether he looked scared or confused, and shrugged, pulling out her phone since she figured he’d talk about whatever was on his mind when he was ready. 

Alex looked over at their friends who were waiting by the entrance of the grocery store.

They walked over slowly. 

Seemingly out of nowhere, Alex took Chloe’s hand and he got down on one knee. 

Chloe gasped

“Chloe, I love you so much, and I want to be with you forever.

I can’t imagine a day without you.”

“Alex, me too,” she replied.

The ring was in the crevice of his wallet, and he opened it.

“Will you marry me?”

The people in line around them realized what was happening, stepped back, and started taking pictures.

Their friends were no longer trying to hide and were videotaping and taking pictures too. 

After a few moments of suspense she shouted,“Yes!”, and she jumped to embrace Alex in a hug. 

Everyone in line clapped and cheered. 

Alex put the ring on Chloe’s finger, who was nearly spinning in excitement.

“I love it!

Oh my- it’s so glittery!

Look at this!” she said as she shoved her hand in a stranger’s face.

Their friends came over and hugged them.

The other people let them move up to the front of the checkout line. 

Chloe immediately texted her mom a picture of her hand. 

The cashier congratulated them and scanned their groceries. 

The total came to $14, and Alex paid in cash while Chloe greeted their friends.

Alex grabbed the bags, and they all walked out together working out where they’d go to celebrate.  

