Storystory_texts/32_Story_Text




Jeff, hoping that today would be a pivotal day for his company, had only been waiting inside the entrance of the airport for a few minutes when he saw William and eagerly waved him over. 

William checked his watch and was pleased to see that the two of them had two hours to discuss business before their flights left Boston.

Jeff and William had met the night before in line for the bathroom at a local bar. 

Jeff had delivered some surprisingly-detailed complaints to William about the wine selection.

They quickly learned that they were both in the wine industry: Jeff was a sales associate for wine vineyards in the Northeast, and William was a wine buyer for corporate events.

Since they both had flights out of Boston at the same time, they had agreed to meet at the airport and talk about doing business together. 

They waited in line at security.

“It’s crazy that we met last night,” William said.

“I am flying out right now to meet my boss, and was worried that I was going to show up empty handed without anything to show for the East Coast.” 

“I know, what are the chances, right?” Jeff replied.

William laughed and said, “I’m glad our complaining can come in handy.”

William got focused and, shifting gears, said, “I know this is fast, but I'd like to get right down to business since time is a limiting factor.

I'd really like to order a couple of sample shipments from you and present them to our clients: I think they’d really love to have some East Coast variety. 

Now, typically we expect to get these kinds of samples at a steep discount, at least half-off the label price.

This small loss is well worth the profit you’d be making if even a single client makes a contract.

So, I propose that you send us 5 crates of your select wines for $800.”

Before going through the metal detector, there was a pause in the security line to roll out the empty bin cart and roll in a filled one. 

They placed everything in their bins. 

Jeff mulled over the offer, nodding noncommittally to William's pitch as they proceeded through the metal detector.

Having recovered from the security check, they began to walk through the concourse toward Jeff’s gate, B8, and William handed some printed spreadsheets to Jeff.

Jeff, weaving through the crowd of travelers, squinted at William's rosy projections of the number of bottles he would purchase in the future.

After thinking for a couple minutes, Jeff said, “I am not sure about this since we’re not coming from a corporate vineyard and gambling with sample shipments at this rate is the kind of risk we can’t necessarily make. 

These corporate purchases would have to be huge and practically guaranteed to offset the loss from selling sample shipments at a price like you suggest.”

William told Jeff that they had made the same offer to their competitor, Yankee Vines, who had refused and that they would make a better offer to Jeff and his company.

They walked to the gates very slowly, barely registering the hubbub of the airport.

William and Jeff came to an agreement on a compromise rate on the sample shipment, paying $400 for a $600 shipment of wine samples, and they finalized the deal with a handshake. 

“Well, what a tremendous pleasure to do business with you and to have all this work out,” William said.

Jeff nodded enthusiastically, and responded, “Likewise- this has been great.  

I'll let you get to your gate.

Once we’re both back on the ground, we can work out all the official documentation and get this in the books.”

Jeff jogged to his gate, scanned his boarding pass, and walked onto the plane.

He sat down in seat 4A in the business class section and typed out a quick email on his phone letting the rest of his team know the good news. 

When the flight attendant came by, he ordered a glass of champagne to celebrate.

