Storystory_texts/34_Story_Text




Charlie saw Alma as they walked into class, and he motioned for her to come sit in the back next to him because they had a deal to discuss.

Charlie and Alma were both history majors with entrepreneurial bents.

They were also both very busy and happened to be in the same class.

After talking at a party, Charlie had discovered that Alma was looking for financing for her web development company of which she was the founder and CEO.

It was serendipitous because he was an investment analyst for a student finance group on campus, and he had just been talking with other members of the group about making a new investment. 

His financial group had come to a decision that morning about Alma’s startup, and he didn't want to wait until after class to discuss the proposal with her. 

The class was in a medium-sized auditorium which was brightly lit and very modern-looking. 

There were three projector screens in the front and each row of the audience which had a table with power outlets and USB ports. 

“Here we are at Lecture Seven of Archaeology of Rome,” said the professor. 

“The topic for today is Augustus, an incredibly important influence in Roman architecture.” 

She went into some recap of the last lecture.

Charlie turned to Alma and said, “Okay, so I’ve been thinking about your startup, and I have talked about it with my fellow investors.

We’d like to invest half of what you originally suggested.

So we propose we start with wiring you $28,000.

We would see how the company does and then invest the other half.” 

The professor said, “The senate had conferred upon him the title of Augustus, the sacred and revered one, the restorer of traditional values, the city’s new religious leader, the restorer of temples. 

Augustus also sought to beautify Rome, make it into a new Athens, and dispel the criticisms of Rome as disorganized and ugly.”

Alma turned to Charlie and offered her rebuttal, “I don’t know about that.

It’s not going to be possible to implement our ideas effectively unless the project is fully funded. 

We would have to find other investors like your competitor on campus, Churchill Capital Group, and that would set us back in our timeline. 

Our profit projections assumed we'd be starting relatively soon, not months down the line.” 

They whispered back and forth during the entire class working out a compromise. 

The professor dismissed the students with a reminder that the midterm paper was due on Thursday and that they should email their papers to the TA.

Everyone, except Charlie and Alma, packed up their things and headed out of the lecture hall. 

“Alright, so we’ll have the $30,000 wired to you by tomorrow,” Charlie said. 

This wasn't ideal for Charlie, but Alma had refused to budge, and his investment group had told him they were willing to pay the full amount if necessary. 

They got up and hugged in confirmation of the deal and made plans to sign the official paperwork the next day. 

