42
David was at the airport super early for his flight. like an hour. anna was running late for her flight. her shoes were untied so she bent over to tie them and someone with luggage almost hit her. david, looking at anna, pushed her out the way of the luggage and started flirting with her. she says she has to go to her gate and david walks her there. they go through security and undress and redress. then they get to anna's gate and she gets on the plane. before she gets on the plane she gives david her business card. she says she is going to return next tuesday or sometime soon and david asks her out on a date. she hugs a plastic blanket on the flight.




44
Leon and ariana are in an introduction to egypt class. the professor is talking about the process of embalming bodies and how long it took. leon sees ariana and swears that he knows her. he puts a sticky note on her desk to get her attention and ask her out. ariana sees the sticky note and agrees to go on the walk with him. class is over and she has to go to her next class. she runs to her next class and leon still does not know where he knows her from.




31
Mr shelton is the ceo of a big airplane company. mr. gordon is the ceo of a new smaller airplane company. the ceos decide to go to lunch/dinner to discuss business. mr shelton tells mr. gordon that mr. shelton's company wants to buy out mr. gordon. mr. gordon, initially does not think that is a good idea and gives some pushback. they negotiate and mr. gordon finally agrees to sell his company to mr.shelton's company. mr. shelton feels that mr. gordon's company cant get to the international level without mr. shelton's company . mr. gordon wants to have the final say in what his company does. they agree to that condition and they have some dry steak and celebrate.




13
Emmanuella and liam have been going out for a while. they are constantly fighting. on this day, they are having a dinner party at their house. they go to the supermarket to pick up some food for the party. one of them picks up pasta and liam says we are having a pasta dish. emmanuella berates him for not helping to cook. she picks up some pasta sauce and then says she wants to break up. liam agrees.  they still decide to have the party and not tell anyone they are broken up. then they make a bet on whoever tells the party that they are broken up, loses the right to the cat. emmanuela sees the cat issue causing another fight so she stops.




33
Ms. bianchi and ms. morrison are in ms. morrison's supermarket. ms. bianchi is trying to persuade ms. morrison to but ms.bianchi's brand of european cheese. ms. bianchi tells ms. morrison that having european cheese/ ms.bianchi's brand will increase her sales and profitability as people will want to buy more of ms.bianchi's product. they try the cheese with crackers. ms. morrison pays 23 dollars for the crackers and cheese with a check. ms. morrison makes it a habit to know all of the employees at the supermarket.




22
Sven and isabel were in barcelona visiting isabel's parents. sven has a ring and wants to propose to isabel. sven received isabel's parents blessing. they head to the airport and sven looks over the ring a bit. the ring has pink diamonds in it .they go to the airport to leave barcelona and they go to security. sven was going to propose earlier to isabel but he put the ring back in his pocket. isabel is going thru the luggage to pull out her laptop for security. sven puts the ring in his pocket to hold stuff for isabel. isabel finds the laptop and puts in through security. sven goes thru security and the metal detector goes off due to the ring in his pocket. he proposes to isabel at security. she is so shocked that she  runs away. he runs after her and she says yes. they get on the plane happy and people are congratulating them and live streaming the event.




11
Thomas and sadie have been going out but thomas wants to break up with sadie. thomas and sadie are at some restaurant. thomas has been thinking about breaking up with sadie for 2 months. sadie arrives at the restaurant and thomas asks if he and sadie can sit in the back. sadie starts asking thomas about his day but he become withdrawn and takes his hand away from sadie's. he then says that he wants to break up and sadie is taken aback. the waiter comes by and asks what they want. they didnt even look at the menus so thomas gets a burger and sadie get a reuben. thomas says that he needs to figure out what he wants to do with his career and he cant spend time with sadie like that. sadie offers to stay together but spend less time together. thomas refutes that. sadie gets up and takes half her reuben and shakes it at him and leaves. thomas sits at the restaurant, eating a fishy tasting burger.




24
Aaron and lana are in an intro to chemistry course. they have been going out for a  while now. aaron is thinking about proposing to lana. lana was concerned about a problem from the problem set. aaron and lana go into class and the professor nods at aaron, aware of the proposal. the professor starts talking about ions and the professor calls lana up to the middle of the room. aaron tells her that it is time for them to make their own bond and he proposes to her with an avant garde 5 red diamond ring. she says yes and the class is cheering. the professor lets the class out early and says' thats enough excitement for today.




