42
David saw anna in the airport as she was carrying her lugguage through the security check. a truck/trailer full of lugguage was heading straight toward her so david leaped toward her pushing them both out of the way. they exchanged words and joked about being gymnast. he asked if he could take her out when they get back to town. she agreed and gave him her crumbled up buisness card from her pocket. he watched her walk through the gate onto her flight. david was fond of her even though she was frazzled, so frazzled that people in the airport watched as they held hands running with their luggage.  




31
Mr. shelton and mr. gordon met at a restaurant for a business meeting. mr. shelton's objective was to convince mr. gordon to partner with him on some project or company. they ordered food, one of them got fish, and they both got drinks. mr. shelton flattered mr. gordon, eventually they came to an agreement which mr. shelton was exceptionally happy about. they cheered with mr. shelton's martini and mr. gordon's drink. 




23
Alex and chloe went to the grocery store. alex had preplanned his proposal to chloe which would take place at the grocery store where their friends would be hiding with cameras to capture the moment. alex seemed off so chloe asked how he was doing. he replied that he was fine and chloe said okay if you say so. they continued to shop until they got to an open area in which alex got down on a knee and proposed to chloe. he said i love you very much and i will always love you. she replied yes with exageration. then she said i must call my dad. strangers and their friends were taking photos. their friends were no longer hiding. alex paid $14 for the items and they left the store. 




21
Senna took alvira out to celebrate that she had recently grown tomatoes in her garden. alvira thought the dinner was too elaborate for simple gardening celebration, but senna replied those were the best tomatoes i've ever had. really, senna was planning on proposing to alvira that night at the restaurant. the place was very nice with a view. they ordered food. while they ate senna shared stories about their relationship including when they first met; stories which alvira loved. after finishing their food, senna waved down the server who had been tenatively waiting for the cue. the server brought to the table a cake which he placed infront of alvira. the cake had the engagment ring in the middle. senna got down on a knee and proposed to alvira. she said yes. 




12
Calvin and jessie had been dating for awhile. jessie planned an elaborate vacation for the two of them. on the vacation calvin did whatever he could to cater to jessie. while at the airport headed back home, while waiting for their luggage, jessie verbally broke up with calvin. calvin was surprised and frustrated that he'd just spent the vacation trying to make her happy. he asked why she had even planned the trip. he agreed that breaking up is what they should do, even though he didn't want to, because he liked jessie. they borded their plane home, luckily having separate seats 33d and 33f. before sitting down in their seats jessie asked calvin if he could give back all the books she'd lent him. calvin chuckled in disbelief. they were both grateful to have separate seats on the flight home. 




33
Ms. bianchi and ms. morrison met at a grocery store. ms. bianchi did some shopping which being convinced by ms. morrison to purchase her cheese for her grocery store chain. she would agree to purchase $20,000 worth of cheese. excitedly, ms. morrison reached into her purse to pull out a bottle of champage to celebrate the business deal. ms bianchi was glad to work with an american who would celebrate like ms. morrison. ms. bianchi checked out at the grocery store with her minimal purchase. 




14
Maria and henry were dating. they sat down for the first day of class. maria leans to henry and verbalizes that she wants to break up with him as she'll be studying abroad soon and it just makes sense. henry expresses how he loves maria and doesn't want to break up, but maria stands her ground. they break up. maria remembers she left her favorite sweater in henrys dorm room so she asks henry if he can bring it to the dinning hall. they meet there exchange the sweater. 




44
Leon and ariana walk into the first day of class. leon thinks ariana looks familiar. he sends her a note asking if she is from la. she replies no, but maybe my twin is. she's attracted to leon. leon asks if ariana would like to go out that night. she agrees. they continue in class. 




