43
0




22
Sven has a wedding ring in his pocket, it has 2 pink diamonds. he wants to propose to isabel after dating for 11 months. she is doing something and he pulls it out of his pocket to look at before returning it while they walk to security. there is a hold up in the line because someone has a bunch of metal on their person. this is good because isable has to dig out her laptop. she passes security but sven is stopped. isabel makes a face at him as he realizes the he has the ring in his pocket. he is forced to pull it out. he appologizes that he has to propose this way, but proposes in front of everyone. she is embarresses, but she says yes. sven hi fives the shoe shine boy.




14
Maria wants to break up with henry. she tells him this during a lecture on aristotle. henry is very sad but maria is adamant because she is going away to study abroad and doesnt want to do long distance. henry is all like, i would visit you though, but maria says nah. henry says he cant change the situation so he may as well agree with her. then she realizes that she forgot her alpaca sweater in his dorm and asks him to get it and meet her in front of the student union.




31
2 cfo dudes from competeing companies, one smaller yet technologically advenced, and the other from a large company, meet for a business lunch. both companies manufacture airline parts. the restuarant is decorated with animal skins and has heavy felt menus. shelton gets the veal, gordon gets a steak or something. shelton gets a manhattan, gordon gets a martini. the food is dry and bad. anyway mr gordon offers mr shelton a deal to buy his smaller company for 600 million. shelton says nah because his company wouldnt funtion as well under the umbrella of a large corporation, even though his employees would all stay and shelton would stay in charge of that wing. but gordon explains how larger competetors would soon overtake sheltons company, and that it would all work out. they cheers their drinks after shelton finally agrees to the buyout




42
Ok this one is a meet cute at an airport. david saves anna from being hit buy a luggage wagon, and makes some dumb joke about her being an acrobat. they chit-chat all through the security line together and realize that they both went to the same high school. theres something wrong with the metal detector so they have more time to talk. after the security line, david runs with anna most of the way to her flight, which departs in 5 minutes. he asks her on a date for the following tuesday when she returns. she says yep and gives him a crumpled business card with her number. 




34
Charlie and alma are in a medium sized lecture hall with projectors and something to do with usb ports. the lecture is on julius cesaer or something like that. charlie is from a student group that wants to invest in almas tech start up, but wants to only offer her half of the initial stake to see how the company grows before giving her the rest. shes like, bitch no, and says if he doesnt giver her all the money, shed just go to his competetor. after all, her company was projected to grow with the full funding, not half. the lecture is over but the 2 of them stay. he gives her the full amount of money which will be wired to her. they hug it out. also the professor mentioned that their midterm papers are due thursday and to email them to the ta




23
My dude alex is gonna propose to chloe in the groecery store. the place is decked out with deals for thanksgiving. alex is super duper distracted because all he can think about is the very shiney single diamond ring in his pocket that he will propose with. chloe keeps asking him questions about what they should buy but hes totally not paying attention. at checkout, their 14 dollar purchase is interupted because chloe sees some friends and walks toward them. oh no, thought alex. so he proposes right there. shes like, sure lets do it. and then she shows her shiney ring to everyone, and the people are applauding and taking pictures, and the friends who were there were actually recording the whole thing. also she bought vinegar.




11
Thomas is absolute garbage, just gonna say that. he invites sadie to a 70s diner to break up with her, a finer diner if you will. he gets there first, then sadie arrives. anyway they get a booth in the back and sadie is like, how was your day. and thomas is like, i want to focus on my career, lets break up. and the waiter is like, whatcha having. surprised because they forgot to look at the tackey menues with dumb names for the food and lots of pictures, thomas gets a burger with no tomatos and sadie gets a rueben based on the servers recomendation. sadie is like, we can make it work, we can hang out less. thomas, who is picking at his finger till it bleeds, says nah. she cries and everyone looks at them. the waiter brings them their food and asks if they want dessert, to which they say no. saide is like, never talk to me again, and give me back my polaroid camera and poster. then leaves. thomas eats his burger which tastes like fish and he blames that on the restuarant.




