41
Teresa was walking into a bar, when she ran into the door, and slammed her forehead. she was a bit dazed, but didn't seem to be too affected by the embarassing scene, even if those near the cash register saw it all unfold. another person at the bar, james,also noticed the incident  and found the incident endearing. the two ended up sitting near each other, and not too long after teresa was seated, did james joke about her grand entrance. the two hit it off, and had a conversation over dinner. james ordered a tuna roll, and another one i can't remember.after a wjile, james nervously invited teresa to a concert he was attending later on that night, which teresa agreed too. and then james left because he had to get some errands done before the date!




44
Leon was at the board in a college classroom, he was cleaning the erasers when someone - ariana- walked through the doors. as soon as he saw her, leon was convinced he'd seen her before, he just could not remember where. throughout the lecture, leon could not take his eyes off of this girl, still trying to figure out where they had met before. when it became too much, he ended up passing a note to her- ariana- asking if she'd ever been in la. she replied funnily implying nope, but maybe her long lost twin was from la. leon, probably given the ego boost from her flirty response, asked her out to take a walk after classes were done. she agreed and the two went back to trying to pay attention to the teacher, taking notes. when class ended ariana was looking forward to the 2 meeting up, but said she had to run so she wouldn't be late for her next class




21
Seanna had just had her first tomatoes blossom in her home garden, and her boyfriend seanna had taken the perfect opprotunity to use this small victory to take alvira out to a really fancy and expensive restaurant, where he was really planning on proposing to her. they ordered food, and alvira kept mentioning how surprised she was and seanna going all out just for some fruitful tomatoes. seanna kept the ruse up and said something to the affect of- of course we must celebrate. throughout dinner he had been sharing hidden, nervous, smiles and winks with the restaurant staff, who were all in on the surprise proposal. after the 2 had throughly enjoyed their entrees, a waitor brought out a cake that had alviras name and a pretty ring sitting on top of it. alvira soon caught on and wore a shocked expression. after seanna asked the question, alvira gleefully said yes and went to text her dad or sister right away




33
Ms bianchi is a cheesemaker/seller from italy, and was meeting with a potential buyer here in america, named ms. morrison, the 2 were meeting in the grocery store ms morrison overlooked, which may be odd to some, but ms morrison likes holding meeting where the products she's making agreements on, are being sold. she tries to remind everyone where all their work ends up. after the two exchange small conversation, ms bianchi goes straight onto her sales pitch and says how much better quality and value her italian cheese has compared to the american cheeses ms morrisons' grocery store sells. ms morrision is convinved after a bit of passion and genuine confidence from ms bianchi, noting that she'd like to get ahead of their competitor orange grocer/orange grocery when it came to the speciality cheeses. they make the deal, and ms bianchi says how she is growing more fond of working with americans 




13
Emanuella and liam are heading to the airport, just ending a jamacian couples trip, going back home to the us. though, all is not perfect in paradise, the 2 are tense and unhappy with the other for different reasons. this is apparent with snappy remarks between the two and the outright annoyance emanuella conveys. liam is mad because he feels as though he has been trying to enjoy the trip and engage with emanuella, but is getting no effort in return. emanuella wants to break up with liam because she believes their personalities are no longer compatiable, and that it would be best to split when they make it back to the states. awakardly, liams comments on the lack of thorough security at the airport, noting how he could have easily hidden somethin in his shoes while walking through security. when the 2 get to their plane and sit down, emanuella shakes liams hand 




12
The only thing i can remember is the two were out buying pasta for a dinner party, and calvin made a snide comment about the menu choices, which jessie replied with anoyance. and they both eventually agreed to break up after the party after some public arguments. they also both said that they would keep it from their friends for the night




24
Aaron and lana have been together for a while, and they both are in a lecture class. at the start of class aaron and the professor share some reassuring looks because aaron is proposing to lana, and is nervous, i'm asuming it's because he is doing it in front of everyone. anyway, the ring is more avant garde then normal, because that is lanas taste, it a band with 5 elaborate diamonds encrusted in it rather than one big shiny one. the professor, in on the whole situation, sets up the proposal by talking about covalent bonds and how one needs the other and all that jazz, eventually ending the portion of the lecture by commanding lana to get to the front of the class, center stage, and do a demonstration. lana agrees, but is confused, and then shocked when aaron followers her to the front and gets down on one knee. he proposes using the ever so cheesy line-it's time to make our own bond. lana is crying but says yes, and the class erupts in cheer and celbration while their mutual friends come through the doors, excited and ready to see the ring




32
Jeff and william both meet in a wine shop or somewhere that sells wine, and jeff begins to go into a detailed complaint of the wine to william, which leads the two to realize they both work in the wine buisness, jeff as somone who chooses/buys wine for corporate events and william as a wine seller for some big company. after this chance meeting the two agree to meet the following day at the airport, because they have similar departing flights back to boston. when they meet up the following day, the recollect how coincidental it is that they meant, and jeff starts on his sales pitch as soon as possible, because he was getting dissapointed that he was going back to his boss without any promising wines from the east coast. william is a little weary at the deal jeff offers, since it would require him to sell jeff large amounts of wine at a heavily discounted price, but eventually the two compromise and shake on it, promising to get all the official paperwork done when they land




