32
William and jeff met at a restaurant the night before. jeff sells wine for an east coast vineyard and william is a wine buyer for corporate events. they started talking because one of them overheard the other making highly detailed comments about the wine selection. they met in the airport the next morning because they both had flights out of town. there was a hold up in the security line because they had to roll a new bin through. while waiting in the security line, william wanted to get right down to business, so he made a proposal that his company buys several sample cases of wine from jeff's company at half off the regular price. after they get through security, jeff responds that half-off would be too great a loss. they are walking toward gate c40, i believe, jeff's gate. they come to the conclusion that william will buy barrels usually worth $800 for $600. they celebrate with a handshake. jeff gets on the plane, sits in 4a in business class, and orders i think a glass of champagne to celebrate. also, william told jeff he had made a similar offer to their competitor, yankee vines




23
Alex wants to propose to chloe at the grocery store because she'll be surprised, and after 23 months of dating, alex knows that what chloe loves most is surprises. sunlight is streaming in through the store windows, and there are thanksgiving promotion posters on the walls. the store is buzzing with activity because tomorrow is thanksgiving. alex is very nervous. they walk down an aisle and chloe picks out some pumpkin puree, vinegar, and cranberry sauce. she asks alex what else they need and he says he doesn't know. he seems nervous, and chloe asks if he's okay, and he unconvincingly says he's fine. they go to the checkout area. there are 5 aisles open and they go up to station 3. their friends are waiting outside to surprise them. alex takes out his wallet, where the ring is stored. he shows it to chloe and proposes. she immediately says yes. the customers around them start taking pictures and let them move to the front of the line. the groceries cost $14 and alex pays in cash. chloe texts a photo of her hand to her mother. their friends come into the store and they start thinking about where they should go to celebrate tonight. 




44
It's leon's first day at college and when ariana walks into his class, he feels like he recognizes her from somewhere, which is surprising because he didn't think there was anyone else he knew attending this college. the class is on the history of ancient egypt. there's a blackboard on wheels at the front of the lecture hall. the professor talks about mummification, the most misunderstood custom from ancient egypt. it had to be performed by people with years of training and it took over a year to complete the process. leon's attention wanders to ariana again after a few minutes. he decides to hand her a note asking, are you from la question you look familiar. she says no, but maybe i was separated from my twin at birth. she says this via passing a note back. all through class they pass notes back and forth. ariana thinks leon looks sweet and genuine. via notes, they agree to meet to go for a walk that evening at 8pm, outside ariana's dorm. the professor tells the class that they will have their first quiz about mummification next friday. class ends at noon.




41
James notices teresa coming into the restaurant because she walks straight into the glass door. the restaurant is the newest sushi restaurant in atlanta. it's decorated with pine wood countertops, plants along the walls, and branch looking structures hanging from the ceiling. the waitress seats teresa one seat away from james. they're both dining alone. james asks teresa if her forehead is okay. she responds, have you ever been stung by a scorpion. james worries for a second whether teresa might have suffered a concussion from her impact with the door. but she explains that she was stung by a scorpion, called a deathstalker scorpion i think, while studying abroad in egypt, and after that, little things like bumping her forehead into a door seem tiny. the menus are neon, with entries in japanese with little english translations underneath. teresa orders a salmon roll and a japanese beer, james orders a tuna roll and a vegetable roll. they talk more while they wait. the waitress brings them the plates and places the plates close together so that teresa and james have to sit a little closer to talk while they eat. james invites teresa to come to a concert with his friends later. she accepts. they're both excited, but teresa hides it better. they both enjoy their food because the fish tastes fresh. this wasn't what they had expected from their solo meal but they are happy about it.




22
Sven and isabel have just spent a week in spain visiting isabel's family. they've been dating for 11 months. now they're getting out of the cab and going into the barcelona airport. sven is about to propose. he has the ring in a velvet box. it's a simple design, two pink diamonds on a silver band. he takes out the ring and looks at it while isabel isn't looking, feeling nervous. he puts it in his pocket. at the security line, there's a holdup because someone had a suspicious amount of metal objects on them. isabel realizes her laptop is buried in her bag, so she digs through her bag to find it, and sven holds her stuff while she's digging through. finally they get to the millimeter wave scanner. isabel goes through first, then sven. when sven is in the scanner, it goes off. the security guard says, sir, please come over here. sven realizes that the ring is still in his pocket. so he immediately takes it out and gets down on one knee. he says to isabel, this isn't how i expected to do this, but will you marry me. everyone around them immediately starts watching. isabel is nervous and doesn't know what to say, so she runs away from the gate. sven is terrified, but when he catches up to her, isabel says, of course yes! everyone around them is happy for them. a woman comes up to them and says she's been live tweeting the whole thing and it's already going viral on the internet. isabel is embarrassed but happy. they sit in seats 2a and 2b. isabel had texted her best friend 




11
Thomas has been thinking about breaking up with sadie for two months. he arrives to the diner late but sadie isn't there yet. the diner is 70's style, with black and white checkerboard floors or countertops, not sure which. sadie arrives and cheerfully asks thomas about his day. thomas asks the hostess if they can have a booth in the back, and the hostess pops her bubblegum and says sure, honey, and leads them to a booth in the back. sadie asks again about thomas's day and takes his hand, but thomas pulls his hand away. thomas tells her that he wants to take a break from this relationship so he can work out his career plan on his own. sadie is crestfallen. the waiter comes by and asks what they want. the menus are laminated posters, and thomas and sadie quickly scan them and choose familiar items so they don't have to read the descriptions. thomas orders a burger and sadie orders a reuben. after the waiter leaves, sadie bursts into tears. she says she doesn't want to break up, they can hang out less often if thomas wants that. but thomas insists. he says that things are picking up at work and it's hard for him to decide whether he wants to make a career change, which doesn't make sense as a reason to break up, he's clearly just looking for an excuse, even if unconsciously. sadie gets mad and says she wants her beatles poster and something else back, then she storms out.




33
Bianchi and morrison are meeting at the supermarket. bianchi is an account representative for an italian cheese company, and morrison is a senior product manager for a corporate american grocer. morrison likes to do things unconventionally, like having business meetings in the supermarket so they can keep their minds on what's really important. the store is decorated for halloween. bianchi proposes that the grocer buy her company's cheeses, but morrison says, we already have this whole cheese section, we don't need a section for gourmet cheese. bianchi had initially proposed that they buy $1500 worth of cheese for a few stores and see how it goes. now after morrison rebuffs her, she brings in the next layer of the pitch. she says that it's worthwhile to have luxury cheeses because once customers buy luxury cheese, they'll buy luxury levels of other items too, like crackers, jams, etc. the pitch works, but morrison expresses concern about import taxes. they agree to buy 20000 dollars worth to get a subsidized import tax. morrison pays for her food in cash, then she takes a bottle of champagne out of her purse to celebrate. bianchi decides that she loves doing business with americans.




14
It's the last day of lecture, and maria knows that this is her last chance to break up with henry because she's getting on a plane to go away for her study abroad semester right after class. maria and henry sit next to each other. the professor starts talking, saying that this is week 4 of intro to ancient philosophy, which doesn't make sense because it's supposed to be the end of the semester and semesters are always longer than 4 weeks. maria tells henry that they have to break up because she doesn't want to be long distance. she's going to be really busy and she wants to be fully immersed in the place where she's studying abroad. also she's sorry for having to tell him now, like this, but she has to because she's about to leave for the airport, which also doesn't make sense because they haven't had finals yet. anyway, henry is sad. he doesn't want to break up. he says, i can come visit you and it will be fine. but maria shakes her head and looks down at her desk. the professor is teaching about aristotle's categories, where he divides all of being up into 10 categories. our term category comes from that work, which is considered one of the best introductions to aristotle's logical works. at the end of class, maria remembers her alpaca sweater is in henry's room. she says, i'm so sorry to ask you this right now, but can you get my alpaca sweater and meet me in front of the student center. also the prof says the final exam is next tuesday.




