23
They were in a supermarket. it was a few days before thanskiving and everyone was shopping for turkey and stuffing. she was looking at cranberry sauce while he was admiring the ring. they didnt face each other. they went in line 3 and he saw his freinds outside the shop.  he takes the ring out of his pocket, kneels down and asks her is she wants to marry him. everyone looks at them. she accepts. people start recording and his friends come out from where they were hiding and record and take pictures of them.




42
0




43
They meet at a supermarket. he makes a joke about a meat cute and she continues it. then they both share some advice for cooking, he tells her about a barbecue sauce he really likes and she tells him about some spices for a dish she enjoys. they go in lane and he asks her if she is interested in seeing him anytime soon. she accepts.the cashier rolls her eyes. he pays for her groceries because he felt that it was a nice date and she shyly accepts. she says she has to leave soon because she is already late to her barbecue. the cashier comments that hopeuflly her guests are not hungr but simon doesnt listen to the side comment.




11
They are in a restaurant. he wants to break up with her and thought about it for 2 months. a waiter is taking them to their booth in the back. he finally says that they should break up because of his work and his confusiion about his career. he orders a burger with no tomatoes and she orders a different dish. she start to cry and says that they can hang out lessand work things out. she says she wants her polaroid camera and her beatles poster back and then storms the restaurnat. the bells at the door jingle cheerly. he is somehow content that the story ended so fast.




34
They are in a class. she has a business strategy and his company wants to invest in her plan. they start talking about it and he offers $28,000 but she doesnt think this is a fair price. she says that she can go to another investment club on campus, church investment, which is their competition. they start negotiating how much money her plan should receive. charlie and his club really want her plan and are willing to pay the full price if  it comes to that. they continue talking even though the class ended. it was a class about ancient rome and augustus. they have a midterm soon. they make the deal and hug in order to formalize it.




31
They meet in a restaurant . the steakhouse has wooden decorum and candles on everytable. the menu weighs something and has a long list of drinks. mr shelton orders medium-rare steak and a martini and mr gordon orders veal and a manhattan. mr. shelton wants to buy the smaller firm mr. gordon has because he believs it can become more profitable and actually do something. in the beginning, mr. gordon is not persuaded but he is finally convinced whrn mr. shelton tells him how he took care of other small firm acqusitions. the food was not great, it was kind of dry and overcooked. they make a deal because mr. shelton agrees to let mr. gordon in charde of his employees and the future of his smaller company.




22
They are in an airport in barcelona. sven met isable/s parents. they started dating 11 months ago. they are going through airport security. he wants to propose and forgets the engagement ring in his pocket so the airport security asks him to empty his pockets. he realizes that the ring is there so he kneels down and proposes. the ring is pink with 2 diamonds. she is too shy to accept in front of everyone so she takes her shoes and leaves him hanging. he follows her and there she finally says yes. they walk to the airplane and she texts her bestfriend. on the airplane, people who saw the proposal at the security point congratulate them. she is somewhat embaressed and ecited at the same time.




14
They are in a big class with 15 rows of seats. the class is about aristotelian ategories. the professor talk about how there are 10 categories and how the word itself comes from aristotle. maria wants to break up with henry because she will have a semster abroud and wants to really emmerse herself in the new place and culture but he thinks they can do long distance and pledges to come visit her. even though is hard for her to refuse his offfer, she knows that is the best thing to break up now and move on with their lives. her flight is today after class and she wants her sweater back from his room. the professor announces that they have amidterm next tuesday so the students are welcomed to email the tas about that.




