44
Leon and ariana meet in a history class. the class is talking about mummy. ariana concentrates in the course materials and take many notes about mummy. at the first sight leon saw ariana, he thinks he must have met ariana before and tries hard to recall it. he wrote a more to ariana and ariana said maybe she has a twin sister who were apart from her since born. leon asked ariana to hang-out. and they decided to met 8pm that day in a grocery store




43
0




33
0




21
Senna wanted to propose to her girlfriend alvira to marry in a restaurant. the restaurant was ancient, greek-styled with tall walls, precious paintings and very-well decorated. the waiter assigned senna to a table near the ocean, so he can enjoy the beautiful views of the sea. when alvira  and senna arrive the restaurant, they give their name and waiter lead them to the assigned table. senna was very nervous. alvira excused to use the restroom. after she was back, they ordered some food. after a while the waiter brought the food, everything, especially the seafood, oysters were out of expectation. they were very satisfied. senna then take out the ring and alvira accept to marry him




11
Thomas wanted to break up with sadie. they appointed to meet that afternoon. thomas was nervous and didn;t kown how to phrase the sentence. in the afternoon, when they met in the restaurant, sadie was excited to share her experience for the day and asked thomas if he has anything interesting to talk about. thomas was embarrased. at this time the waitress came to the table asked if they want to order anything. by that time, they noticed the menu lied on the table for a while. after they made an order. thomas proposed to break up, sadie was very emotional but she tried hard to not cry aloud because there're many people around them




34
Charlie is a student organization--web development- leader. alma is ceo of an internet company looking for a web engineer. when they met in a class they mutually take. charlie proposed to invested in alma's company 




22
0




12
Calvin and jessie were on a break-up journey. they headed to the airport and were unsatisfied when passign the security check. they didn;t select the seat before checkin and luckily they were assigned seats apart from each other 33a and 33f . they were both released for not having to bear the other for the flight. jessie asked calvin to give her the phiisophy book. 




