42
Anna and david met in the airport lobby - he was 3 hours early for his flight so sitting in the lobby reading a book on his laptop while she was only 35 min early for hers and stumbled in in disarray, bag only half-zipped and shoes untied. when she bent down to tie her shoes a luggage cart came barrelling toward her so david pushed her out of the way. he asked if she was a gymnast with that tumble and although she was she thought that deserved no points. he offered to help her get to her flight on time and so they went through security together. although there was a problem with the metal detector holding things up at security, they both went through just fine. he then grabbed her bag and helped her haul it to her gate which was at the end of the terminal. once there, she sat in her window seat and looked forward to her upcoming date with him, a tuesday dinner once they were both back in town.




21
Senna and alvira had been dating for 5 years so senna decided to propose to alvira. they went to a very nice restaurant with an incredible view. the menus were small, in cursive, and boasting no prices, and alvira thought that this was much too fancy to celebrate her tomatoes, which is what she thought they were going out to celebrate. they ordered their food - senna thought his oysters actually tasted like the ocean - and he began to talk about how much he loved her. he had been to the bathroom shortly after entering the restaurant to double-check the ring and now felt that this was the right time. the waiter brought out a cake for dessert topped with the ring that had 3 canary diamonds that had been in senna's grandmother's wedding ring. as everyone in the restaurant looked on, alvira said yes to cheers and applause. through her tears, she sang that she must text her dad the good news.




11
0




33
Ms. bianchi and ms. morrison are potential business partners meeting in a grocery store to discuss their upcoming deal. the lobby is decorated with halloween decorations and pumpkins and the store overall is bustling, as evidenced by the busy checkout lines. the women discussed how they might make a deal. ms. bianchi wanted to ms. morrison to stock her gourmet italian cheeses at the stores and ms. morrison seemed interested in doing so. in the cheese section, they picked up a box of crackers and decided to try the new cheeses with the crackers together to really setlle this. ms. morrison also picked up some seltzer and a bottle of ketchup for later. they then went to the busy checkout section and waited in line, futher discussing business arrangements. ms. morrison scanned her items and paid her $23 by writing a check, to ms. bianchi's amusement. the two proceeded out of the grocery, popping a bottle of champagne to toast their new partnership.




32
The two men met the previous night in line for the bathroom at a bar. they got to talking and realized that they were both in the wine business and agreed to meet up the next day at the airport because they both had flights. the initial offer was for a highly discounted price on 5 of the finest barrels of wine and this number was haggled until an agreement was reached through security. both seemed keen on not letting the competitor, yankee vines, beat them out. finally, the two settled on some numbers, shook hands, and parted ways to the respective flights, agreeing to put this on the books soon.




14
Maria and henry had been dating for 3 years - since freshman year - but maria would be going abroad soon and didn't want to stay together during that time. she and henry entered the philosophy lecture hall together - today's topic, aristotle with an assessment coming up next week - and took neighboring seats. as the lecturer began, maria leaned over and explained that she wanted to break up because she needed her freedom and ability to be in the moment during her time abroad. although she didn't say so, she had been thinking about ending it for a week, and finally decided to do it now because her flight was leaving right after the lecture. henry was devastated, he said he didn't want to break up with her because he loved her, but that if this is really what she wanted, then it would be for the best. the two parted ways at the end of the lecture with tear-filled hugging. maria then requested that she have her alpaca sweater back from his dorm room and they agreed to meet outside the student center presently so he could return it on her way out of town.




43
Simon and catarina met in a grocery store - they bumped into each other so hard that she dropped what she was holding. they then both immediately wanted to talk to each other but neither was really sure. carina then broke the silence by asking about how cute the cornish hen was and simon responded making a joke about it and the regular-sized chicken displayed nearby. the two then chatted for the rest of their grocery shopping - both were having barbeques so simon helped her pick out the best meat and sauces and she helped him pick out vegetables for kebobs. in the checkout lines, they laughed about the magazines for sale until their stomachs hurt. he then asked her out to dinner and she said yes. when they arrived at the front of the line, he removed the divider between their purchases and told the cashier that they were together, saying that this was kind of a date. though carina blushed, the cashier rolled her eyes behind their backs. carina and simon made plans to meet in harvard square for their next date to tour the neighborhod and eat. however, carina realized it was already 4colon30 and she had to go because she was late for her own bbq!




24
Aaron and lana had been dating since freshman year and aaron finally decided it was time to propose to lana in their intro to chemistry lecture because when they'd started dating they'd also shared a class in the same lecture hall - the fanciest at princeton, with tiered seats, high ceilings, chandeliers, and a projection screen where the chalkboards used to be. in the lecture, the students learned about ions and the fact that an element was defined by how many protons were in the nucleus while aaron check the ring in his pocket. it had 5 red stones embedded in the band because lana would like that more. according to aaron, her style was more avant-garde than traditional. the professor asked lana to come up to the front of the room to participate in a demonstration, at which point he turned the powerpoint to a collage of photos of the couple and aaron came up to propose. she said yes and everyone cheered. the class was dismissed as the professor reminded them of their upcoming midterm exam on monday.




