33
They meet in a grocery stor because morrison believes in doing business at the place where her products are. bianchi is from italy and is a big shot cheese person and morrison is some senior executive at a grocery store and makes it a point to know all her employees. she is worried about taxes but ultimately they make a 20000 dollar agreement. one of them brought champagne in their bags. bianchi also argues that better cheese will expand her olive and cracker business. they secure their deal by buying some groceries and popping champagne




24
There is a lot of winking in this story. the lecture hall is in princeton it is very fancy it is where they had a class together freshman year. they have a midterm due the next week. aaron sent the teacher a collage of pics of him and lana to display on the projector and makes a pun about bonding because they were learning about bonds and asks her to get married in front of everyone and she says yes and texts her sister about it.




13
The store is a weird organic place with pine shelves. emmanuella buys bow tie pasta and vodka sauce and something else and she and liam really do not like each other and are not having a great time and it's been months since either of them have been happy and it culminates during the pasta shopping for the dinner party but they decide to have the dinner party anyway. they argue about who gets the cat luna. they go through cash register 8 although several are open.




32
These guys met last night at some bar where they realized they are both wine business guys. they have 2 hours when they get to the airport. there is no hold up in security that i remember. they go towards gate a8 talking about the east coast west coast wine game, they are flying out of boston. i think jeff ends up sitting in seat 4a and he texts his business guys about wine then drinks some champagne to celebrate




44
Leon creepily fixates on ariana on his first day of college. he thinks she's from la so he passes her a bunch of notes during their history of egypt class and she makes a joke about having a twin. there are no windows in the class room. they decide to go on a walk together at 8 that night. she likes him when she notices him. 




41
Teresa bumps into the door on her way  to the restaurant. the menus are neon color and the decor is a lot of branches. they leave each other at 3pm and teresa seems angry at everyone but it's lunch time and they sit at the bar together and james awkwardly persuades her to go to a concert that night and she is much better at keeping her cool than him. they both get rolls and teresa also gets a doublequotejapanesebeer




12
They are leaving their vacation in jamaica and things are tense. they only have 45min to get through security so they are stressed and jessie wants to break up. calvin was kind of anticipating it but he blames her for not being a better communicator. she has been unhappy for six weeks. they don't sit together on the airplane which they are both thankful for.




21
The restaurant has a great view of the pacific ocean and chandeliers and delicious food, oysters that taste like the sea. senna said they were celebrating her tomato plants but he has a ring that has yellow stones because she is a traditional person unlike the avant garde ring that the princeton people used. he goes to the bathroom to make sure it looks right and the waiter winks at alvira. they have been dating for five years. he proposes and she says yes




