13
Emmanuella and liam are both in a grocery store buying items for a dinner party that night. emmanuella is thinking about telling liam that she wants to break up. they are looking are the pasta section and emanuela picks up pasta boxes when liam sighs mentioning that he guesses they will be having pasta for the party that night. emanuella says yes, sarcastically because he doesn't ever help her out with cooking and if he did, he could have more of a say. liam says that she doesnt want him to help and that he would just be in the way. emanuella realizes they are always fighting for the stupidest things and tells him this and that they should break up. liam says that shes probably right, but that they can still host the dinner party and they shouldn't tell their friends. they agree and liam says first one who says something doesn't keep the cat. emmanuella thinks that this will be a whole other big issue later to be discussed. 




41
James is sitting at the table and notices teresa on the phone trying to come in to the restaurant. he thinks she's beautiful. he sees her walk into the glass door and then she puts her phone away and gets seated next to james, both at their own single tables. after a while, james asks her if her head is ok from the bump into the glass, and she asks if he has ever gotten stung by a scorpion. he thinks she has a concussion but she goes on to tell him that she did and no pain can compare. they both order, and the waiter brings out of the food and puts it on the corners so they can sit together. the waiter asks for her order before james's.




24
Aaron and lana go into the lecture hall and he has plans to propose to her. the professor is teching chemistry and winks at aaron because he knows what he plans to do. the professor teaches his topic, about atoms and bonds and then asks lana to present at the front of the classrom. she is confused but goes down to the front of the hall and the professor places her in the center. aaron goes down as well and proposes with telling her doublequotesit's time they make a bonddoublequote. she says yes. they go back to their seats. she texts her sister.




23
Alex and chloe are at a grocery store and she plans to propose to her. they have been dating for many years and he knows she loves surprises and she will never think this is happening at the grocery store. after they get their things they go to the line and she notices he has been acting very weird but gets on her phone because she knows he will just talk to her when he's ready. before this he has been stammering and looking at the ring. he kneels down and proposes. people are staring and taking pictures. their friends were on the outside of the window and they come inside to take videos. she says yes.




42
Anna is about to get trampled by something. david saves anna. she looks up at him and says thank you. he offers to walk her to her gate since she is late. the line at security is long, so they are both allowed to skip to the front. but there is still a bit of a hold up. he walks her to the gate and in the line at the security they learn that they both went to the same high school togehter, and at her gate h asks if they can see each other for dinner when she gets back. she says yes and she gives him a crumpled business card and goes to her gate and boards the plane.




32
Jeff and william met at a bar the night before where they shared their mutual complaints about the wine there. they both met up at the airport and they were discussing business. there was a hold up in the security line with the metal detector machine. they continue to talk business and make a deal of $400 for a $600 shipment. they agree with a handshake and after jeff boards the plane in business class and he writes up an email and the stewardess offers him champagne.




14
Maria and henry go to lecture hall and shes thinking this is her last chance to break up with him. once the lecture starts she tells him they should break up because she is studying abroad and does not want to do long distance and really wants to immerse herself into where she will be and what she will be doing. she apologizes for doing it then but since shes leaving right after lecture she has no other choice. he tells her he doesn't want to break up because he loves her and they can make it work since he will visit all the time. she shakes her head no. he says if this is what you want then that's the way it is. they hug twice. she remember he has her favorite clothing and asks him to get it from his dorm and meet her outside of the student center.




31
Mr. shelton and mr. gordon are at a restaurant trying to make a deal. they both work in airline tech companies with one of them beinf the cfo. they discuss their business. one of them suggests a merger, the other is concerned that it may not be successful, but he is assured and convinced otherwise. they eventually agree on the merger and enjoy their dry and overcooked steaks.




