34
They were in a history class. the professor was talking about roman architecture. charlie was a data analyst for a corporate club in his school. alma was a ceo of a firm. charlie decided with his club that they would make 25,000$ investment to alma's company, though alma would not accept that agreement, as she needs the rest of the money first in order to turn in profits. thus, charlie decides to give alma 50,000$ in total. he agrees to alma's proposition considering that alma is also looking at their competitor's funds as well. professor dismisses the class, saying that they have an assignment next week. 




24
Aaron and lana began dating since they met three years ago while they were freshmen. they are in introduction to chemistry class together. the topic of the lecture is ionization process, and that ionic bonds is one of the strongest bonds out there. throughout the lecture, professor winks at aaron. aaron prepared a diamond ring with five red diamonds on a silver band, as lana loves avant-garde aesthetic. professor calls out lana in class to come front. aaron also comes out and proposes to lana. the crowd cheers, their friends come by to congratualte them outside class. professor mentions that they have midterm next week covering the first four weeks of class. lana texts her sister. 




22
Sven and isabel are at the airport. they have met isabel's parents, and sven is intent on proposing to isabel. they arrive 2 hours before, but since they don't have any luaggage to check and have their e boarding pass, they go straight to security. while at security, there is some delay at front. sven has diamond ring he got for isabel in his pocket. at the security, he goes through the metal detector and realizes that he still has his diamond ring in his pocket. sven says screw it and decides to propose to isabel on the spot, at the metal detector. isabel is shy and runs away. sven follows her to their concourse 5a. there, isabel says yes. they enter the plane, and one of their fellow passanger live-tweets the entire event and the whole story becomes viral




41
James and teresa are eating lunch separately. james is reading a newspaper. teresa, when entering the restaurant, bumps her head into the glass. james asks teresa how does it feel bumping her head into the glass, and teresa says that she was bitten by a scorpion before, so bumping her head in glass is not that much of a concern. james is worried that teresa has concussion, and might be destable for the rest of her life. nonetheless, james decides to ask teresa out, as james have avocado roll and teresa have sushi roll at atlanta's newest sushi restuarant. when they order new foods, waiter places their dishes closer, so they have to sit closer. the food is awesome. james ask teresa to go to a concert together later this afternoon. teresa says yes. they depart their ways. 




13
Emmanuella and liam are shopping in a grocery so that they can have food for their guests coming for a dinner at their place. emmanuella has been thinking  about breaking up with liam for a good 5 months now, due to their constant fighting. the grocery store smells like lavendar and is very nice. while they are looking for pasta, emmanuella makes a snide remark that liam can't help her cook, which liam gurdginly accepts. emmanuella spells the beans asking liam to separate. liam, after thinking for a bit, agrees. emmanuella pays for the grocery with her credit card totalling 30$. they decide not to tell their guests that they are separating. they wonder who would get the cat. 




43
Simon and carina meet at a grocery store. carina makes a punny remark that the meat looks so cute. simon agrees. carina makes another remark that chicken looks like its sad brother. sad family, remarks simon. they realize that they have a chemistry going on. grocery store looks like a warehouse. they decide to go on a date next saturday near harvard square. they both are shopping for their barbeque parties. simon makes a gringe move when he says to the cashier that his and carina's shopping bags are on him. he pays with his credit card. they decide to meet later, and part their ways back to where they came from. 




11
Thomas and sadie decide to break up. thomas has been thinking of breaking up with sadie for a long time. sadie did not expect that. they are in a restaurant that has 50s vibe. they look at the menu with small letters. they decide to order something familar. thomas orders hamburgers while sadie orders reuben. excellent  choice, says the waiter. thomas wants to break up with sadie because supposedly his guy needs more time to find himself when changing his jobs, as if sadie has been a problem in thomas's venture of self discovery. sadie cries when hearing this from thomas. she takes the reuben and wants their beatles poster. thomas finishes the burger . it is really bad. 




32
Jeff and william met at a bar last night. they have in wine business. jeff is the company event wine vendor, while william sells wines. they discuss business whie they go through the boston airport, exchanging spreadsheets and negotiating prices. william wants  jeff to send samples of their wine, so that their vendors might make a contract. jeff tries to reduce the price. william mentions they offered same deal to yankee wines and they refused. when jeff goes to concourse 5a, they decide the deal, shake hands, and part their ways. when jef sits in his business class, he orders a champagne to celebrate the occasion. 




