13
Emmanuella and liam went grocery shopping to prepare for the dinner they were hosting that night. emmanuella was trying to not break up with him at the store  because she didn't want to break up with him until after the dinner. she gets angry and bursts. she tells liam she wants to break up and that she's been thinking about it for a little while. liam agrees to the break up because he knows it would be best for the both of them. they agree to still host the dinner but not tell their friends that they've broken up. they end on good terms and even joke about who is going to keep the cat.




34
Charlie and alma are in the same history class. alma is the ceo of her own company and charlie is an investor. charlie was excited to tell alma about how his company has agreed to invest in hers but they will only invest $27,000 first in order to test the waters. alma refuses this and says that in order for the project to go as planned they need the full investment. charlie gives in and decides they will invest the full amount and will wire her the money by the next day. all of this is happening as their teacher is giving a lecture on rome and athens.




31
Mr. shelton and mr. gordon are both business owners. they've gone out to dinner to discuss the possibility of merging their businesses. they make some small talk as the waitress brings them their menus. they then begin to talk business and mr. shelton says he would like to buy mr. gordon's company. mr. gordon would become director of that company branch and they would leave the company as is. mr. gordon doesn't agree and says he doesn't think the company would function well by making it bigger. mr. shelton proceeds to explain to mr. gordon that he has done this in the past with small companies and tells him how much more the company would grow. he convinces mr. gordon to accept merging the companies.




43
Simon and carina meet at a grocery store. they're both at the meat department by all the chicken. they notice each other but both are too shy to talk to one another. carina works up the courage to talk to him and makes a joke about the chicken. they both begin to make jokes about the chicken. they reccommend recipes to one another and keep shopping together. they get in line to pay for their groceries when simon asks carina to dinner and she accepts. they agree to go on a date the next week. as their paying for their stuff, simon takes it upon himself to pay for carina's groceries and jokes about how they pretty much just went on their first date. the cashier is annoyed and rolls her eyes. carina realizes she's late to her own barbecue and simon watches her running out of the grocery store mesmerized.




12
Calvin and jessie were on vacation in jamaica. jessie is annoyed with calvin. calvin has noticed this the entire trip but he didn't know why she was upset and he decides to do nothing about it because he doesn't know what to do. calvin makes small talk and says how the airport facilities are sub par. jessie then explodes and says she thinks they should break up for good once they get back to the states. calvin says nothing at first but then he agrees. he says she should've broken up with him before they planned the trip that way he didn't bore her anymore. he's hurt but trying not to show it. luckily, they never got their seats next to one another on the plane so they get to fly back by themselves. jessie wishes him a safe flight and tells him she wants her books back




42
David is at the airport waiting for his flight that doesn't take off for another 3 hours. anna runs into the airport with only 35 minutes to make her flight. david is intrigued by anna. anna notices her shoe is untied so she stops to tie it without noticing that there is someone with a cart headed her way. david decides to save anna from the cart crashing into her. she's mesmerized by the handsome stranger that has just saved her. he helps her up and offers to help her get to her gate. as their on the way, they talk about how they went to the same high school and she graduated 3 years before him. david asks her if she would like to go to dinner with him when they both get back from their trips. she accepts, gives him her business card, and runs off to her gate. anna barely makes it. she boards, finds her seat, and hugs the blanket in glee.




24
Aaron and lana are boyfriend and girlfriend and both have the same intro to chem class. aaron has planned to propose to lana during class. he's acquired the help of his professor to propose to her. the class their in is where they had their first class together. lana doesn't suspect a thing while aaron is trying to keep his cool as the class goes on. the professor keeps lecturing about bonds and ions. at some poinst he calls lana to the front of the class. she's confused. the professor then flips to a slide that asks, will you marry me. aaron gets down on one knee and proposes. she starts crying and accepts. the whole class cheers. lana and aaron's friends have been outside this whole time and they come in to congratulate the couple. 




21
Senns and alvira are out to dinner. they're at a very upscale restaurant. senna is planning to propose to an unsuspecting alvira. he brought her to this restaurant with the excuse of celebrating her tomatoes because he claims they are the best he's ever had. they eat and they talk. during dinner senna is recalling when they met and all the beautiful moments he's shared with her and how much he loves alvira. he then signals to the waiter who brings out a cake with a ring on it. alvira is shocked and begins to cry. senna gets down one knee and asks her to marry him. everyone is looking at them as they wait for her answer. she says yes and everybody cheers. they hug and then alvira says she has to call her dad to tell him the news.




