Storystory_texts/12_Story_Text




It didn’t help the situation that Calvin and Jessie were running late to the airport, since Jessie had already been fuming at Calvin and preparing to end the relationship with him.

Upon arriving at their terminal, they only had 45 minutes until their international flight would depart from Jamaica for the US.

It had been a tough vacation, which was planned well before Jessie began to think of breaking up with Calvin 6 weeks ago.  

Calvin knew that Jessie was upset, but wasn't sure what to do besides attempt to carry on as normal.

The security line was very short, and once the online boarding passes were scanned, they put their bags on the conveyor belt.

Calvin also took off his belt and watch.

There was a short halt in security proceedings so that the security guards could change shifts, but, once everything was back in order, they were ushered quickly through the metal detector. 

“The infrastructure of this airport is really quite poor," said Calvin as they waited for their bags to emerge from the x-ray machine.

“I could've hidden something in my shoes easily.” 

Jessie, exasperated, scowled at the conveyor belt.

“What?” he asked.

Balling up her fists and turning to him angrily, she said, “Calvin, I really don’t think I can do this anymore because I don’t think our personalities are compatible. 

I think it’s best that once we get to the States we part ways for good.” 

Calvin said nothing as he grabbed his bag and walked down the concourse.

Jessie trailed behind him as they hurried their way quickly toward gate A28.

“So now you have nothing to say?” Jessie said. 

Calvin didn't answer, gritting his teeth and staring straight ahead. 

He was very frustrated that he felt he had been trying to appease Jessie for the entirety of the vacation, and it seemed to be completed unappreciated. 

Their silence was punctuated only by the rapid, rhythmic clacking of their suitcase wheels over the tile floor as they continued power-walking through the terminal. 

Calvin finally turned to address her as they continued walking: “Jessie, this makes perfect sense. 

If you feel this way, then I think we should break up because I don’t want to keep boring you.

I agree, let’s part ways once we make it back.

You should’ve spoken up about my apparent intolerability before you decided to plan this vacation.”

He was very hurt, even though he didn’t want to show it. 

Having made it to their gate, they scanned their tickets, and the annoyed flight attendant shooed them onto the jet bridge and then closed the plane door behind them.

Luckily, they had forgotten to arrange seats next to each other on the flight back.

They were both in economy, but Jessie was headed for seat 33A while Calvin's seat was 36F. 

Before Jessie sat down, she took a deep breath, calmed her emotions, and then awkwardly shook Calvin’s hand, mumbling, “Have a nice flight. 

Oh, and when you get a chance, could you send me back all the philosophy books I lent you?”

He laughed in disbelief and walked to his window seat three rows back to get ready for takeoff.

Both were upset but glad that they would have this flight in solitude.

