Storystory_texts/22_Story_Text




Sven and Isabel walked hurriedly from the cab into the Barcelona Airport after an incredible week with Isabel’s family, and this had wiped away any doubts Sven had had about his decision to propose. 

They had only been dating for 11 months and this had been the first time he had met her family. 

They were pressed for time at the airport with only an hour and 15 minutes until their flight would take off to go back to the US, but they already had their online boarding passes and were without checked luggage. 

Isabel stopped to rummage through her purse to look for her phone, and, meanwhile, Sven turned his back to her and took the velvet box out of his backpack, opening it to look at the ring he had bought her.

He had received her parents’ blessing during the trip, and he was almost giddy with excitement. 

He tilted the ring backward and forward for a careful examination despite having already studied the ring daily since purchasing it a few weeks ago. 

It was a simple design: two pink diamonds on a silver band.

“Sven, I’m ready,” Isabel said. 

Sven closed the box and discretely put it in his pocket.

They entered the security line, weaving through the roped walkways to the front. 

When it was their turn to deposit their things onto the belt, Isabel realized her laptop was buried somewhere in her duffle bag. 

Luckily, at the same time, there was a stall in the line because someone ahead of them had a suspicious amount of metal pieces on his person. 

Sven had to hold the growing mound of objects Isabel pulled from her bag until she unearthed the laptop and set it in a bin.

She then gave her bag to Sven, unstrapped her heels, and took the bag back from Sven.

Sven, relieved of his holding duties, hurriedly deposited his own backpack on the belt, and took off his shoes. 

Sven went into the millimeter wave scanner after Isabel, put his hands up, and looked at Isabel as the metal bars whirled around him.

The security guard asked Sven to wait. 

After looking at the monitor, the security guard said, “Sir, please empty your pockets,”.

Isabel, shoeless and wrinkling her eyebrows at Sven, looked at him expectantly.

Realizing that he had forgotten the ring in his pocket, he grabbed Isabel’s hand, got down on one knee, and opening the velvet box, said, “Isabel, this isn't quite how I'd planned this, but - will you marry me?”

He held the ring up to her. 

The security guard stood shocked.

All the people who were putting their shoes back on and gathering their belongings stopped and walked closer to the couple.

Isabel didn’t know what to do since she was far too shy to respond in front of all the people around.

Without responding to Sven, she frantically grabbed her and Sven’s shoes, leaving Sven to retrieve the rest, and she quickly walked onto the concourse.

Sven, terrified, grabbed everything and hurried after Isabel onto the concourse shoeless.

Sven eventually caught up to her with their bags and the open ring box.

She stopped and with wide, excited eyes, shouted, “Of course yes, Sven!” 

They dropped their belongings and hugged, and Sven put the ring onto Isabel’s finger. 

“Isabel, you scared me!” he said. 

After getting their shoes back on, they practically floated to gate C40.

Sven was so happy he even high-fived a confused shoe-shine attendant as they passed.

Isabel texted her best friend telling her the news as they walked. 

Having arrived at their gate, they waited, until the attendant called for passengers, and they scanned their tickets to board the plane.

They walked through the connecting tunnel to the plane and sat together in first class, in seats 2A and 2B.

Some of their neighboring passengers who had witnessed the proposal at security congratulated them, and a woman next to them showed them that she had been live-tweeting the whole event and that it was already going viral online.

Isabel slid down in her seat with her hands over her face, embarrassed and overjoyed at the same time.


