Storystory_texts/31_Story_Text




Mr. Shelton and Mr. Gordon shook hands inside the waiting area of the restaurant: lunch today was about big business. 

They were both in the airplane manufacturing industry.

Mr. Shelton was the CFO of a larger, well-established company and had been in the aviation business for decades.

Mr. Gordon was the CEO of a smaller but technologically-advanced company that was projected to disrupt the airplane manufacturing market. 

They chose to meet at an old steakhouse with dark wood paneling on the floor and ceilings, taxidermy animals on the walls, and a candelabra on every table.

The waitress seated them at their table in the back. 

She brought out the menus, and they briefly chatted about personal happenings. 

Mr. Gordon took out a picture of his daughter and talked about her recent engagement, and Mr. Gordon mentioned his purchase of a Tesla. 

They also looked over the menus which were heavy and covered in felt.

Flipping to the back of the menu brought one to a lengthy drink selection.

Mr. Shelton got serious and brought the conversation around to business.

“Mr. Gordon, we really admire what you’re doing at your company.

We think it’s genius; we want to support your vision and make this tiny company of yours internationally known.

But honestly, your company doesn’t have the resources to reach international markets right now.

Maybe in a few years you could, but by that time, other companies may have already filled your niche.

I think we should join forces.”

The waitress arrived and asked if they were ready to order.

Mr. Gordon chose the medium-rare steak and a martini, and Mr. Shelton ordered the veal and a manhattan. 

Then Mr. Shelton continued, “Look, I’ve talked to other members of the board, and we are prepared to offer $600 million to buy your company. 

We'd keep on all of your current employees, and you would join as the director of your company branch.” 

Mr. Gordon looked at Mr. Shelton skeptically for a few moments considering his response until he said, “Mr. Shelton, I think that you make a compelling offer, but there are definitely some disadvantages to attaching our small, streamlined productions to a large company like yours.

We operate in a very different way than a large company, and the kind of administrative complexity that makes the scale of your productions possible would suffocate our business.

With our product, scaling-up doesn’t necessarily make sense.” 

Mr. Shelton had expected this response and had come prepared.

He began laying out the details of how he had handled similar acquisitions successfully in the past.

He also played out projections of how Mr. Gordon’s company could out-compete their own main competitor in the industry, TechJet, by using the resources of a larger corporation. 

Mr. Gordon was impressed, and they went back and forth hashing out what the company configuration would look like post-merger. 

The waitress brought out their food on a large tray.

“Oh this looks so good!” Mr. Gordon said. 

“Can I get you anything else?” the waitress asked.

They declined and began to eat. 

The meal was subpar- they both found the meat to be overcooked and dry. 

Mr. Gordon, after taking a contemplative bite and swallowing, said, “Mr. Shelton, I think we have a deal. 

If you can guarantee that I can still have the final say in all the work done by my team, I think this could be beneficial for both of us.

I propose a toast to the merging of our companies.”

Mr. Shelton grinned and lifted his martini to clink glasses.

He said, “Cheers to a lifelong partnership and to the growth of our company.” 

