Storystory_texts/33_Story_Text




Ms. Bianchi and Ms. Morrison walked into the grocery store at the same time, and, after a moment of mutual recognition, greeted each other with a handshake.

They were standing in the entrance of the grocery store, which had displays of pumpkins, candy, and halloween decorations set up in different stations around the door. 

“Thank you again for inviting me here to discuss my business proposal,” said Ms. Bianchi.

“It’s a pleasure to be out of the office.” 

As an account representative for an Italian cheese company that was trying to expand its outreach to American grocery stores, this meeting was pivotal for Ms. Bianchi.

Her sales target, Ms. Morrison, was the senior purchasing manager for a corporate grocer and she had a say in the products distributed in stores across the West Coast.

Ms. Morrison was also known for doing things unconventionally: for example, she said that she liked to make deals with suppliers in the place where the products were sold- “to keep their minds focused on what’s important.” 

In the cheese section of the grocery store, Ms. Morrison motioned to the parmesan.

“We have quite a selection here.

I don’t know that we need an additional section for gourmet cheeses.” 

Ms. Bianchi did not hesitate but launched into her pitch: “Ms. Morrison, I think you would agree that selling food is not just about providing variety, but also about providing the highest quality.

You don’t have cheeses made in America that are like ours- it is true.

The availability of a product of excellent quality leads to the appreciation of the product.

Your consumers will want to buy other, finer products to compliment that first ingredient, and suddenly your customer will be consuming in a new, more profitable way.

I propose that you give it a shot: buy $1500 worth of cheese products for a few stores, and see how the sales increase not only in our cheeses, but also in products related to cheeses like crackers, jams, and olives.”

Ms. Bianchi picked up a box of crackers by the cheese section, and said, “Here, I will buy these, and we can try some of our cheeses that I've brought with me.”

Ms. Morrison, who was thinking about the proposed offer, nodded in agreement and said, “That sounds like a great idea, but those crackers are on me.”

She took the crackers from Ms. Bianchi and also picked up a bottle of ketchup and a case of sparkling water “for later.”

It was very busy in the checkout area.

People were stocking up for Halloween parties and trick-or-treating, and there were 10 aisles open. 

They stepped into lane 6 and waited.

Ms. Bianchi handed to Ms. Morrison a packet with printed graphs of the increase in profits that several other stores in Italy had seen after starting to carry their products.

After a couple minutes of thinking, Ms. Morrison widened her eyes and said confidently, “You know what, I think you've convinced me that this could work. 

We've been trying to find a way to add a little European cachet to our stores.

Our competitor, Orange Grocers, hasn’t expanded in this direction yet, and I’d like to beat them to it. 

There's still a problem though- I'm worried we'll be paying out the nose for the import taxes.

It was Ms. Morrison’s turn to check out, and the cashier chatted with Ms. Morrison as she scanned the items.

Ms. Morrison was also distinguished for knowing most of the employees personally. 

Ms. Bianchi watched in amusement as Ms. Morrison paid the $23 price by writing a check. 

After Ms. Bianci addressed Ms. Morrison’s concerns, they came to an agreement and would have enough cheese shipments, $20,000 worth, to different stores to qualify for a subsidized import tax. 

Ms. Morrison had had a small bottle of champagne in her purse, and she pulled it out and popped it in celebration of their deal. 

Ms. Bianchi decided that she loved doing business with Americans. 

