Storystory_texts/43_Story_Text




Carina and Simon, both distracted in thought, nearly ran into each other as they walked into the grocery store. 

She almost dropped the keys she was holding. 

The store they had entered looked like a warehouse, with high, black ceilings, industrial lights, and large packages of food. 

In the meat section, Carina and Simon were looking over the same cuts of meat, because they were both preparing for barbecues.

Simon had wanted to talk to Carina, and Carina had wanted to say something to Simon, but they felt embarrassed striking up a conversation with a stranger.

Carina mustered the courage, turned to Simon and, pointing at a Cornish hen, asked, “Isn’t this meat cute?”

He laughed, and said, “It is very cute.

Probably the younger brother of this guy,” and he picked up a regular-sized chicken.

“Unlucky family,” she responded as she shook her head. 

They chatted as they picked out a few last-minute groceries.

Simon helped Carina select the best ribs and his personal favorite barbecue sauce, and she helped him choose red peppers and spices for a vegetable kabob she recommended.

In the checkout area, there were three lines open, and they went to the one labeled “8.”

Carina and Simon made jokes about the magazine covers while waiting in line, and they were laughing so hard their stomachs hurt. 

Simon turned to face Carina and, while looking at her straight in the eyes, asked, “Would you like to go out to dinner with me?

Next Saturday we could tour around Harvard Square and get something to eat.

There are a lot of great places around there, and it’s really nice during the summer.”

Carina smiled, “I’d love to.

That sounds great!”

The cashier scanned Carina’s groceries.

Simon lifted up the divider on the conveyor belt and said to the cashier, “Actually, these are together.

Carina, I’ve got it.

This was kind-of a date today.”

Carina blushed and laughed; she thought this was ridiculous but also very sweet. 

The cashier rolled her eyes when they weren’t looking, and she scanned the rest of his items. 

The total came to $52, and he paid with his credit card.

Seeing that it was 4:30 PM on her phone, Carina gasped because she realized she was late for her own barbecue. 

Carina thanked Simon and took her groceries and ran. 

“I hope her guests aren’t hungry,” the cashier remarked.

Simon was thoroughly charmed and barely heard the comment as he watched her go. 

