Storystory_texts/44_Story_Text




Ariana hurried into the classroom, and Leon did a double-take when he saw her, almost dropping the eraser he had in his hand. 

This was his first day in college, and he had assumed that he wouldn’t know anyone on campus, but he had a strong feeling that he had seen her somewhere before. 

They were in a small classroom with rows of chairs with foldable desks.

These faced the speaker’s podium and a blackboard on wheels. 

There were no windows in the room, since they were down in the basement of the History Department.

Leon, trying to figure out where he had seen her before, could not stop looking over at Ariana.

Ariana was oblivious to Leon’s gaze and was only focused on getting ready for class. 

“Good morning, everyone,” the professor began.

“Welcome to History of Egypt. 

Today we will be talking about mummification, one of the most famous and often misunderstood customs in ancient Egyptian society.”

Leon and Ariana began taking notes. 

Within a few minutes, though, Leon found his attention wandering from the lecture and back to Ariana, and he decided to do something about it by putting a note on her desk.

“Are you from LA?” it read, “Sorry to distract you from mummies, but you look really familiar.”

She looked at the note with surprise, and then turned to notice Leon for the first time. 

She instantly liked him when she saw him.

She thought he looked trustworthy and genuine.

Ariana passed the note back to Leon, and she had replied, “No, but maybe my twin and I were separated at birth.”

The professor continued, “One may well question why the ancient Egyptians spent so much time and effort on their funerary practices.

Not only was the mummification process itself a complicated affair, but there were also elaborate rituals before, during, and after death.

The practice required teams of experts with years of training and took a total of 70 days to complete.” 

They passed notes back and forth the whole class like they were in high school, and Leon wrote in one, “Would you like to go on a walk this evening?”

When Ariana read this, she looked at him and nodded her head

She wrote back on the slip of paper, “Let’s meet at 8 in front of my dorm, Patton Hall.”

The professor ended the lecture and announced to the class that they would have their first quiz next class on Friday on mummification. 

Everyone packed up and filed out of the classroom except for Ariana and Leon. 

Ariana spoke first, “I have to go to my next class.”

She looked at the clock which read noon and headed for the door saying, “I should run, but I’ll see you later tonight!” 

She waved as she ran out the door, and Leon was still pondering where he had met her before, even more convinced of his conviction that they had previously met after hearing her voice.

